{
  "Not connected.": true,
  "Connected.": true,
  "Please unlock Metamask so it can connect.": true,
  "Unsupported network": true,
  "Connected to": true,
  "Connected": true,
  "balance deposited to markets:": true,
  "Contracting success rate:": true,
  "Current Network:": true,
  "wallet balance:": true,
  "Base referral fee paid to affiliates:": true,
  "Custom referral fee paid to affiliates:": true,
  "You are an affiliate! You may market this system using your affiliate link.": true,
  "Cooldown between next deal to qualify as an affiliate:": true,
  "(days)": true,
  "Minimum qualifying fee on next deal to become affiliate:": true,
  "Qualifying contracts remaining until you can become an affiliate:": true,
  "No affiliate assigned! It's recommended to assign one so the fee is not burned.": true,
  "Current affiliate assigned to account:": true,
  "Future affiliate assigned on next contract:": true,
  "Linked affiliate is not valid because they have not completed 10 qualified deals yet:": true,
  "You are new to the markets! Welcome to BitBay.": true,
  "Registered contact information:": true,
  "(show more)": true,
  "Public key(for encryption):": true,
  "Web3 gas assignment failed. Will change to blockchain recommended gas options.": true,
  "Error sending transaction": true,
  "OK": true,
  "Choose a file name for the backup:": true,
  "Use default IPFS Pinata Gateway": true,
  "Use gateway": true,
  "Password must not contain spaces and must be at least 10 characters long": true,
  "Confirm Password": true,
  "Enter your password again": true,
  "Set Password": true,
  "Cancel": true,
  "Register Public Key": true,
  "Would you like to register this public key to your account now? This is how users will know how to encrypt their offers to you.": true,
  "Yes": true,
  "No": true,
  "Remember Password": true,
  "Would you like your device to remember this password? It is convenient to remember it however it is more secure to type it every time you log in.": true,
  "Passwords do not match": true,
  "Please enter your password": true
}
{
  "Please also note that you will not be able to see details on any of your previous encrypted offers until the correct password is entered. Therefore, we do not recommend changing passwords. If you do, the public key registered to your account should also be updated. Please enter the password again on the account page.": true,
  "Register email/contact information": true,
  "Register public key for privacy/encryption": true,
  "Public key unknown.": true,
  "Email is blank, try again": true,
  "Data added!": true,
  "You have not completed 10 deals with the minimum threshold and requirements yet. Only then can you become an affiliate.": true,
  "Select Language": true,
  "Select a language": true,
  "Copy to Clipboard": true,
  "URL Copied": true,
  "The modified URL has been copied to the clipboard.": true,
  "Copy Manually": true,
  "The modified URL is:": true,
  "Please copy it manually.": true,
  "Please enter preferred affiliate": true,
  "Submit": true,
  "Address was not valid.": true,
  "Success!": true,
  "This person has not completed enough qualified deals yet.": true,
  "Set base affiliate fee": true,
  "Please enter the percentage fee that you wish to offer to affiliates who help find customers for you.": true,
  "Market Offer": true,
  "Order hash:": true,
  "Counter-Party Address:": true,
  "Token:": true,
  "Amount:": true,
  "Quantity:": true,
  "(Total)": true,
  "(Maximum)": true,
  "Time Limit:": true,
  "weeks": true,
  "Message:": true,
  "Decryption error! Please attempt to decrypt your order manually with the correct password.": true,
  "Sent Offers": true,
  "Received Offers": true,
  "Time Until Funds Expire:": true,
  "days": true,
  "WARNING: Funds are about to expire. Resolve the escrow with your counter-party or all funds risk being burned.": true,
  "The time limit has expired and the funds have been burned. This contract is no longer available.": true,
  "Sender has requested a time extension for: ": true,
  "Recipient has requested a time extension for: ": true,
  "Time extension granted.": true,
  "Completion request sent!": true,
  "Completion request received!": true
}
{
  "Cancellation request sent!": true,
  "Cancellation request received!": true,
  "Contract completed!": true,
  "Contract cancelled!": true,
  "Active contracts": true,
  "Currency:": true,
  "Details:": true,
  "Loading...": true,
  "Welcome": true,
  "Welcome to the markets. As you browse you may choose to add orders to your favorites list by clicking the star. This may function as a useful cart or history for deals you wish to revisit. Please review the amount, currency, deposits, time limit and deal structure carefully before accepting. Always attempt to remain in close contact with your counter-party to ensure success. With that said enjoy using one of the safest escrows in the world!": true,
  "Encrypted listing": true,
  "It seems like you did not have the decryption key for this order. Would you like to enter the password to decrypt it now?": true,
  "Please enter decryption password": true,
  "Decryption failed": true,
  "Address copied to clipboard!": true,
  "Sender:": true,
  "You are the one paying/sending the funds.": true,
  "You are the one receiving the funds.": true,
  "Show listings": true,
  "Would you like to see more listings from this user?": true,
  "Recipient:": true,
  "Referral fee(estimated):": true,
  "Referral address:": true,
  "Tags:": true,
  "Deposit Sender:": true,
  "Deposit Recipient:": true,
  "Time limit:": true,
  "Contact information:": true,
  "Recipients contact information:": true,
  "Recipient is a new user of the markets.": true,
  "Recipients success rate:": true,
  "Completed:": true,
  "Failed:": true,
  "Senders contact information:": true,
  "Sender is a new user of the markets.": true,
  "Senders success rate:": true,
  "Accept offer": true,
  "Counter-offer": true,
  "Update Quantity": true,
  "Edit referral fee": true,
  "Cancel offer": true,
  "Confirm": true,
  "Clear Contract": true,
  "Contract destroyed": true,
  "It seems like this deal timed out. If this was due to any disagreement then before you clear the order would you like to report the result to the blockchain for reputation tracking?": true
}
{
  "Transaction result registered!": true,
  "Accept Time Extension Request": true,
  "Time extended!": true,
  "Request Time Extension": true,
  "Please enter the number of days you wish to extend:": true,
  "Time extension requested!": true,
  "Cancel Contract": true,
  "Contract cancellation request was already sent!": true,
  "Contract cancellation request sent!": true,
  "Complete Contract": true,
  "Contract completion request was already sent!": true,
  "Contract completion request sent!": true,
  "Notifications:": true,
  "Deposit tokens to your balance": true,
  "Select token:": true,
  "Deposit": true,
  "Deposit success!": true,
  "Waiting for approval...": true,
  "Withdraw tokens from your balance": true,
  "Withdraw": true,
  "Withdraw success!": true,
  "Create Contract": true,
  "Contract Type": true,
  "Public Offer": true,
  "Private Offer": true,
  "Sender or Receiver:": true,
  "I'm the one receiving the funds": true,
  "I'm the one sending the funds": true,
  "Maximum:": true,
  "Deposit Settings:": true,
  "Use recommended deposit settings": true,
  "Custom deposits": true,
  "Sender Deposit:": true,
  "Receiver Deposit:": true,
  "Time Limit (in weeks):": true,
  "Notice: Fast expiration times can cause users to lose funds if they lose access to their computers. The default time of one month or longer is recommended for this reason.": true,
  "Contract Details:": true,
  "Contract Images:": true,
  "Change Images": true,
  "Contact Information(email/chat):": true,
  "Search key words(optional):": true,
  "Add search terms": true,
  "Allow counter offers": true,
  "Automatically accept matching offers": true,
  "Autoaccept": true
}
{
  "Please be aware when you automatically accept deals you must occassionally check the software to make sure you are aware of when deals enter escrow just in case the counter-party does not alert you. This way losses do not occur and deals will not expire.": true,
  "Please add less than the maximum of 10 images": true,
  "Token not found in default coin list!": true,
  "Error posting IPFS data, please try again later": true,
  "Please enter the amount": true,
  "Please enter the custom deposits": true,
  "Please enter the time limit": true,
  "Time limit must be greater than zero": true,
  "Please enter the description": true,
  "You don't have enough funds if someone were to accept this offer. Please deposit funds first before proceeding.": true,
  "Encrypt offer": true,
  "Your counterparty has listed a key for encryption. If you would like your order be encrypted you should set a password for your account. Would you like to do that before proceeding?": true,
  "Message exceeds maximum byte size:": true,
  "Error posting message data to IPFS.": true,
  "Error message length was unusually long. Please check IPFS hash result.": true,
  "Hashtags": true,
  "You did not include any keywords. Without these it could make your offer hard to find. It is recommended to add some keywords related to your open offer. Would you like to submit your offer without keywords?": true,
  "Duplicate contract detected! This contract has already been created in the past. Please modify the description slightly so it may be submitted again.": true,
  "Contract creation success!": true,
  "Notify Counterparty": true,
  "Would you like to email the counterparty to notify them of your offer?": true,
  "Hello, this email was automatically composed to let you know that I have sent you an offer on the BitBay marketplace. For safety reasons, do not click any links from this email however you may log in to the official website on your own. Also for your safety, please only contact users at the email officially registered to their contracts. If you have any questions about my offer please let me know. Thank you and have a nice day.": true,
  "Please enter some key words so users can find your order easier:": true,
  "Add": true,
  "Popular key words:": true,
  "Key words should not contain spaces or commas": true,
  "String exceeds limit of 32 bytes": true,
  "The maximum number of keywords is 10": true,
  "Offer no longer available!": true,
  "Please enter the quantity you wish to purchase:": true,
  "Quantity exceeds what is available!": true,
  "You don't have enough funds. Please deposit funds first before proceeding.": true,
  "The counter-party does not have enough funds in their account to proceed. Please notify the counter-party.": true,
  "Contract accepted!": true,
  "Your offer on BitBay markets was accepted": true,
  "Hello, this email was automatically composed to let you know that I have accepted your offer on the BitBay marketplace. For safety reasons, do not click any links from this email however you may log in to the official website on your own. Also for your safety, please only contact users at the email officially registered to their contracts. If you have any questions about our contract please let me know. Thank you and have a nice day.": true,
  "Would you like to hide this offer or cancel it?": true,
  "Hiding just removes it from the list.": true,
  "Cancelling will also notify the other party.": true,
  "Hide": true,
  "Contract removed!": true,
  "Please enter the updated quantity:": true,
  "Total Supply:": true,
  "Quantity can not be changed to zero!": true,
  "Quantity updated!": true,
  "Set order fee": true,
  "Please enter the percentage fee that you wish to offer to affiliates for this order.": true
}
{
  "Set Cosigner/Custodian": true,
  "Having a cosigner is useful in case you are unable to complete your deals. This should be someone you trust completely. They will only be given authorization to sign on your behalf to confirm or complete contracts so the contracts do not get held up in escrow. Please enter the custodians address below.": true,
  "Cosigner designation successful. Now you will be asked to authorize the cosigner for contract clearance.": true,
  "You are currently not a cosigner for any active user": true,
}
{
  "Select address to cosign for:": true,
  "Select contract:": true,
  "Remove Cosigner": true,
  "Remove Cosigners/Custodians": true,
  "Remove a cosigner/custodian.": true,
  "select": true,
  "Select a cosigner to remove": true,
  "Remove": true,
  "Cancel": true,
  "You need to select a cosigner.": true,
  "Cosigner removal successful.": true,
  "Please login to view offers and contracts.": true,
  "Action is already in progress for this contract.": true,
  "No active contracts": true,
  "No Sent Offers": true,
  "No Received contracts": true,
  "Text file attachments are preferred due to security reasons. You are uploading a DOC/PDF/ZIP file. Please make sure you trust any files being sent before proceeding.": true,
  "Security Warning": true,
  "Unsupported File Type": true,
  "Only image, text, and specific document files are allowed. Please select a different file": true,
  "Please provide contact information.": true,
  "Email is preferred for contact due to automatic email settings. Please enter a valid email address if possible.": true,
  "Please add less than the maximum of 10 files": true,
  "Please enter a valid email address.": true,
  "Next Image": true,
  "Previous Image": true,
  "No favorites found.": true,
  "Please enter a valid email address. Other contact methods are optional.": true,
  "No active custodians to remove.": true,
}
{
  "Login/connect": true,
  "Please choose which way you want to log into this website.": true,
  "Connect Using Metamask": true,
  "Create/access account using password": true,
  "Login using unique password": true,  
  "Enter Password": true,  
  "Password must be 16 characters long and contain at least one lowercase letter, one uppercase letter, one number, and one special character. Some useful methods to remember a long password is to choose an uncommon phrase from a specific page of a book and replace some of the letters with numbers.": true,
  "Select a token": true,
  "You need to choose a token": true,
  "Please deposit to the following address:": true,
  "Please enter a valid destination and a positive amount.": true,
  "Confirm Transaction": true,
  "Estimated gas cost:": true, 
  "Gas limit:": true,
  "Please deposit funds to cover the minimum gas limit. This amount is needed to process all types of transactions. However, transactions will usually cost less than this limit.": true,
  "Not enough funds": true,
  "Minimum cost:": true,
  "Gas price:": true,
  "Estimated fee:": true,
  "Total(in coins):": true,
  "Maximum fee:": true,
  "Please be aware that to transact in alternative coins you should also deposit the base currency to be able to process gas fees.": true,
  "Base currency:": true,
  "You have funds in your wallet. The wallet funds are not able to be used for contracts until they are moved directly to the markets/trading account. For the base currency some funds are needed for gas(paid from the wallet) and some are used for contracts(paid from the markets/trading account). For altcoins it's recommended to move all of the funds to the trading account.": true,
  "Move funds from wallet to trading/markets account.": true,
  "Show wallet address for receiving more funds": true,
  "You have funds in your wallet but you should move some to your markets/trading account in order to interact with offers like this. Would you like to do that now?": true,
  "You do not have enough funds to cover some of your pending offers if they were to be accepted. Please review your offers and deposit more funds or modify the offers. This can be true for autoaccept enabled offers, offers with high quantities and private offers.": true
}
{
  "Create encryption key": true,
  "The program needs to create your encryption key. To do this it will ask you to sign a secret message using your wallet. Please follow the instructions so that encryption may be enabled.": true,
  "Key creation failed": true,
  "You may choose to refresh the page to try again or you can attempt to create the key at a later date.": true,
  "Frequently Asked Questions": true,
  "Contracts:": true,
  "How do these contracts make theft and fraud almost impossible?": true,
  "Because both individuals or parties will often have more invested in the contracts than they stand to gain by cheating it. The contracts operate on a 'win-win' or 'lose-lose' philosophy. If one party attempts theft or breaches the contract the other may refuse to release the funds. The funds are then destroyed when the time limit expires. A liar would not even bother to use a service like this. This is the solution to stop deception once and for all. This is decentralized honesty.": true,
  "What happens if a user is not available?": true,
  "It is strongly recommended that users assign cosigners in settings such as a relative, friend or spouse in case they become unavailable. Also they should provide their contact information and stay in close contact with the counter-party.": true,
  "What types of contracts can users create?": true,
  "This system works for any type of contracts a user can fathom such as sales of goods, services, commodities, bartering, over the counter deals, employment, games, real estate and long term contracts. There is endless opportunities especially in international deals where there is no common agreement on law. Actually these contracts would even work in an anarchy and force honesty in the process.": true,
  "How is shipping handled?": true,
  "Users should sign up for a corporate shipping account to save money and then let users counter-offer them when the shipping is outside of what has been calculated. Alternatively they may also bill for shipping within escrow through a separate contract or a payment within escrow. Just make sure the deposits cover the payment.": true,
  "What if someone does not have enough for the deposit?": true,
  "It is always strongly recommended both users deposit. However sometimes a new user will sell their first item using a guarantor or cosigner to ensure they proceed with the deal. They would still need some coins to cover gas fees.": true
}
{
  "Markets:": true,
  "Are these markets truly decentralized?": true,
  "There is no owner or company that controls this system. Deals are posted on the blockchain and the details are linked using a torrent. Open contracts can be searched using their 'hash tags'. It is not possible to censor these markets as the core ideology of decentralization is freedom and fairness.": true,
  "Are the markets free? How can users make money using this?": true,
  "There is no company to collect fees so the markets in theory are free. However an affiliate fee from 0-1% may be deducted from completed deals payable to the affiliate that the buyer brings. This is similar to traditional markets where users pay people to advertise their products. Users who become affiliates can use the markets for free and get discounts by making themselves their own affiliate. Users can profit by marketing products or services using their affiliate link.": true,
  "How can someone become an affiliate?": true,
  "Users become an affiliate by using the markets. They only need to make sure the deals they do pay above the minimum threshold and that they do enough deals to qualify. There may be a 'cool down' between deals to guarantee they are not bots. Once an affiliate is assigned to someone's account the affiliate profits off of every deal they do. A user can choose to change their affiliate at any time. An affiliate that is assigned to a specific deal is locked into the deal to profit if it completes. Cancelled deals do not have to pay any affiliate. To avoid conflict of interest, the buyers affiliate is the one who gets the fees.": true,
  "Are users forced to choose an affiliate?": true,
  "If a user does not choose an affiliate they may pay a very small penalty and the affiliate fee is burned. The burning of the fee guarantees that the markets are ownerless and that users are the ones who get to choose. If a user visits an affiliate link and they already have an affiliate assigned, the user will pay the affiliate at the link. The system attempts to be as fair as possible.": true,
  "How can ownerless markets be moderated?": true,
  "It is strongly believed that users should self moderate. This can be done using artificial intelligence which can read offers that are posted and can let users filter them based on some criteria. This ensures the responsibility falls on the users themselves and dramatically reduces costs while increasing the safety of the markets. Actually we believe this is the perfect architecture for an internet that protects free speech while also letting users choose what they decide is false instead of having others choose for them.": true,
  "Who is responsible for what users post?": true,
  "Currently social media platforms are not responsible for users posts. These markets are free so no company profits from the programs use. Affiliate fees are only paid to whoever the user chooses. Knife manufacturers are not responsible for the misuse of their products as that would be unfair. Therefore, users are entirely responsible for what they post.": true,
  "Who performs the 'know your customer' process?": true,
  "Some users may perform contracts that require them to know who they are dealing with. Not all countries require this while others do. Since there is no third party, users must perform this themselves with the parties they transact with.": true
}
{
  "How can artificial intelligence be included in the current site design?": true,
  "The markets are still growing so for now it is not filled with any spam. Eventually it may be asked that users supply an API key for an artificial intelligence robot when offers are posted to the open markets. This also helps them filter spam based on their own settings.": true,
  "What currencies can I deposit to the markets?": true,
  "The contract accepts almost all currencies in theory. However the user interface may only show the standard currencies such as Ethereum or DAI. Coin communities interested in being a part of this can submit a request to the website. Coins are typically considered based on their decentralization and unique code.": true,
  "How do I contact support?": true,
  "This website is hosted for free online and it is a community driven project. Therefore there is no official support channel aside from the community of users itself. The users earn all the profits, and their associated affiliates. Therefore, they determine the success of the project. Therefore, support should be obtained by joining the community on social media.": true,
  "Disputes:": true,
  "Is there arbitration options?": true,
  "There is no third party to these contracts and that is what makes the system truly perfect. Third parties have no knowledge of who is telling the truth and that only creates opportunities for liars to profit off of abuse. Arbitration also increases the cost of doing business and it is not necessary for a successful deal. Nonetheless, a user may assign a cosigner who can act as an arbiter in case of dispute.": true,
  "Is it fair to for both parties to lose during a dispute?": true,
  "Yes and for many great reasons. The most important one is simply because the users agree to the terms by using this system and most people would gladly pay extra to punish a thief by instantly making them lose funds. Court systems do not know the truth and often cause victims to lose even more money. When both parties lose it teaches a strong lesson to liars that they can never deceive a double deposit escrow. Also, the amount users save by not having to pay third parties is made back within a few deals.": true,
  "Why are funds on failed contracts burned? Why can't those funds be given to charity?": true,
  "To give lost funds to charity would only create a conflict of interest as the charity could conspire to destroy contracts. It's possible when the whole world starts using this system that insurance companies could assist in cases with overwhelming evidence in favor of an impacted party.": true,  
  "Are there variations on dispute resolution that work with two party escrow?": true,
  "Users could have multiple signatures or members for each party. Also variations on the escrows may be possible such as how defaults are handled, using mixed funding options, time locks and so forth.": true,
  "What if a person tries to blow up contracts deliberately to harm the site?": true,
  "The software has a reputation system so the first time they try this it's shown that they have a failed contract. Users would require a much higher deposit from a user who does this especially if it's frequent. A user who does this will eventually lose all their money and this is how society should be. The wealthy people should be the honest ones. Currently it seems dishonest people are usually the wealthy ones and this software is the first step to changing that.": true
}
{
  "What should users do to avoid a dispute?": true,
  "They should start by giving a lot of time for a deal to complete. We recommend at least a month even if the deal can clear in a day. When sending packages they should buy insurance. Users should make sure they have cosigners and share a way to contact them. If users are completely unreliable they should seek to cancel the deal by mutual consent.": true,
  "Who is liable if a contract can’t be completed due to counterparty failure?": true,
  "You and your counterparty are the only ones liable. This is an innovative solution to preventing fraud. There is no third party to protect you in the case of a failed contract. But that also means there are no excessive fees to transact and very strong incentive for parties to work together. You can adjust deposits for unknown parties to whatever levels you deem necessary to ensure success.": true,
  "Security and privacy:": true,
  "Are deals encrypted by default?": true,
  "For encryption to be activated both users must publish their encryption data. It is not necessary to encrypt open offers to the markets as they are known to anyone with access to the software. However private offers are encrypted when both users publish their public keys.": true,
  "Does this website collect any data on users?": true,
  "No it does not. The only data that can be seen is what you choose to publish publicly to the blockchain.": true,
  "What happens if I forget my password or lose my account?": true,
  "There is no account recovery. So please be sure you are able to back up any relevant keys or passwords. The security advantage to blockchain is that your funds are perfectly safe and never shared with anyone.": true,
  "Is this code open source?": true,
  "All of the code is completely free and open source under the 'Coinleft Public License for BitBay'. The code has also been audited multiple times and those reports are published on Github. Users and companies should continue to audit it proving it's safety.": true,
  "What is the safest way to access this site?": true,
  "The most secure way to access this page is to download it's source code from Github and run it locally. This way nobody on earth can change the code as you have a hard copy.": true,
  "When should users automatically accept offers?": true,
  "The feature to automatically accept valid offers is recommended only for advanced users for specific types of contracts. It is more common to first understand the person you are doing business with than to accept anyone who matches your offer. Also only users who check the markets frequently should allow this or else they risk having the offer on the markets unsupervised.": true,
  "Are there any tips for backups and remembering a password?": true,
  "One clever way to choose a unique password is to choose some words from a specific chapter of a book you like. Then replace one of the letters with a number. 'Salt' the password by choosing different uncommon chapters or books and combining them. Then you only need to remember what you picked. For backup you can write your choices down on paper. You can store it on multiple devices. You should never store passwords online as someone else might see it.": true,
  "Is it safer to use Metamask or login using a password?": true,
  "Logging in with a password is the safest because it doesn't rely on a 'browser extension' that could be maliciously updated without the user understanding the changes. However it is strongly recommended you use an open source browser such as Chromium, Thorium or Firefox. Mandatory browser updates should be disabled and the browser should be run without any extensions on a clean open source operating system such as Linux.": true
}
{
  "Download File": true,
  "downloaded_file": true,
  "You are about to download a file. Please make sure you trust any files being sent before proceeding.": true,
  "Proceed": true,
  "File Size Exceeded": true,
  "The file size should not exceed 10 MB. Please select a smaller file.": true,
  "No notifications": true,
  "Pending": true,
  "Accepted": true,
  "Rejected": true,
  "Completed": true,
  "Cancelled": true,
  "Expired": true,
  "Initial State, Pending Review": true,
  "Accepted by One Party, Awaiting Response": true,
  "Mutually Accepted": true,
  "Rejected by One Party": true,
  "Mutually Rejected": true,
  "Completed by One Party, Awaiting Closure": true,
  "Fully Completed": true,
  "Cancelled by Initiator": true,
  "Mutually Agreed Cancellation": true,
  "Expired, Not Finalized": true,
  "Expired and Closed": true,
  "Download File": true,
  "downloaded_file": true,
  "You are about to download a file. Please make sure you trust any files being sent before proceeding.": true,
  "Proceed": true,
  "File Size Exceeded": true,
  "The file size should not exceed 10 MB. Please select a smaller file.": true,
  "No notifications": true,
  "No active custodians to remove.": true
}
{
  "Maximum file size: 10 MB per file.": true
}

{
  "Registration Required": true,
  "No user data found. Please register your contact information and encryption key.": true,
  "Type your message here..." : true,
  "Messages": true,
  "Your message has been sent successfully.": true,
  "Message Sent": true,
  "Transaction cancelled by user": true,
  "Send Anyway" : true,
  "Warning: your encryption key is not registered, messages you receive will be visible to everyone.": true,
  "Your Encryption Key is Not Registered": true,
  "Please be aware, the recipient does not support encryption. Any private messages sent will be visible to anyone.": true,
  "Recipient Does Not Support Encryption" : true,
  "Encryption Not Supported by Both Parties": true,
  "Neither you nor the recipient support encryption. Any private messages sent will be visible to anyone.": true,
  "Your notes have been saved successfully.": true,
  "Notes Saved": true,
  "Enter your notes for this offer": true,
  "Encryption Supported": true,
}
{
  "Register Contact Information and Public Key": true,
  "Would you like to register this public key to your account now? This is how users will know how to encrypt their offers to you.": true,
  "Enter your email/contact information": true,
  "Please enter your contact information.": true,
  "Please Login/connect your wallet to create a contract.": true,
  "You": true,
  "Counterparty": true
}
{
  "Please enter a valid email address so you can automatically email users who share their email address.": true,
  "Registration Recommended": true,
  "We recommend registering your contact information and encryption key before creating a contract. Would you like to register now?": true,
  "Don't show this again": true
}
{
  "Login to see notifications": true,
  "You have no unread notifications": true,
  "Contract Images/files:":  true,
  "Please Login/Connect to Continue.": true,
  "Please wait for your account data to load." true, 
}
